# GodoBlocks Source Code Backup Repository
 When I started working on GodoBlocks in October of 2021, I had barely any experience in Godot. The only things I had really done before were a prototype of a First-Person-Shooter that I still want to create at some point in the future. My knowledge of how the engine worked at the time was very minimal so almost everything I programmed in GodoBlocks had some level of jank or unoptimization that messed with the game on runtime and in the editor.
  
 For example, there are way too many scripts for simple actions (84 in total) and even some of the newer stuff I've added such as the redone PropertyGrid, while it visually looks much better, the code behind it is a mess because I didn't utilise Godot's amazing UI system to its fullest potental. With hindsight I know how I could make a much better PropertyGrid that is more modular but I just don't want to bother with that anymore. I'd rather just start from a clean slate than maintain this mess of source code. Which is why I'm passing the state of GodoBlocks on to you.
  
 Before I list out the versions of the source code, I'd like to first apologise for the silence and lack of consistent communication regarding updates. I for sure should've been more transparent about the state of GodoBlocks rather than letting it rot for months at a time. I'd also like to thank all the beta testers and members of the Discord that didn't and still don't want to send death threats to me like any sane Old Roblox Community member would in times like these.
  
 I'm not going to completely ditch the game any time soon but I don't see myself doing any more updates to the game. So that's why I'm going to leave GodoBlocks for you to continue. Here on this webpage is every single backup of the GodoBlocks Client source code that I've made. From November of 2021, all the way to present day. If you wish to obtain the source code for the website or have any other inquiries, you can email me at [blocksgodo@gmail.com](mailto:blocksgodo@gmail.com). With all that said, I'm sorry.
 
 -Gev
